Pd 408 review accounts users and groups content (#2029)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/Credentials/LocalGroupsScreens.md

{{< toc >}}

## Groups Screen

The **Credentials > Local Groups** screen displays a list of groups configured on the screen. By default, built-in groups are hidden until you make them visible. 

{{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/23.10/GroupsListedSCALE.png" alt="Local Groups Screen" id="1: Local Groups Screen" >}}

To see built-in groups, click the **Show Built-In Groups** toggle. The toggle turns blue and all built-in groups display. Click the **Show Built-In Groups** toggle again to show only non-built-in groups on the system.

The **Credentials > Local Groups** screen displays the **No groups** screen if no groups other than built-in groups are configured on the system.

**Add** opens the **[Add Group](#add-group-screen)** configuration screen.

Click the <span class="material-icons">expand_more</span> arrow or anywhere on a row to expand that group and show the group management buttons.

{{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/23.10/GroupsListedExpandedSCALE.png" alt="Expanded Group Screen" id="2: Expanded Group Screen" >}}

> Use these buttons to add or remove group <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Members">group</i> [**Members**](#update-members-screen), <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Edit">edit</i> [**Edit**](#edit-group-screen) group configuration, or <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Delete">delete</i> **Delete** the group.

Reviewer: same comment as in the other article, no need to mention the buttons or use the icons here.
```suggestion
Use [**Members**](#update-members-screen),  [**Edit**](#edit-group-screen) group configuration, or  **Delete** to add or remove a group .
```

## Add Group Screen

Click **Add** in the upper right corner of the **Groups** screen to display the **Add Group** configuration screen.

{{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/23.10/AddGroupGIDConfigSCALE.png" alt="Add Group Screen" id="3: Add Group Screen" >}}

{{< truetable >}}
| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **GID** | Required. Enter a unique number for the group ID (**GID**) TrueNAS uses to identify a Unix group. Enter a number above 1000 for a group with user accounts (you cannot change the GID later). If a system service uses a group, the group ID must match the default port number for the service. |
| **Name** | Required. Enter a name for the group. The group name cannot begin with a hyphen (-) or contain a space, tab, or any of these characters: colon (:), plus (+), ampersand (&), hash (#), percent (%), carat (^), open or close parentheses ( ), exclamation mark (!), at symbol (@), tilde (~), asterisk (*), question mark (?) greater or less than (<) (>), equal (=). You can only use the dollar sign ($) as the last character in a user name. |

> | **Allowed sudo commands** | Enter the executable path(s) to specific [sudo](https://www.sudo.ws/) commands allowed for members of this group. `/usr/bin/` is the default location for command executables. <br> Grants administrator permissions for group members when using these commands. When using sudo, a user is prompted for their account password. |

Reviewer: simplify the English for a non-native speaker, just say to enter command so paths to commands. The tooltips on these UI options need rewrites some times. If you specify a command or a path that executes something be plain about that or just say command. Techy people likely knows what executable means but non-techy people are the audience that is most likely to read this. Just simplify as much as you can.

> | **Allow all sudo commands** | Select to give group members permission to use all [sudo](https://www.sudo.ws/) commands. When using sudo, a user is prompted for their account password. |

Reviewer: This can be simplified as well
```suggestion
| **Allow all sudo commands** | Select to give group members permission to use all [sudo](https://www.sudo.ws/) commands. Using sudo prompts the user for their account password. |
```

> | **Allowed sudo commands with no password** | Enter the executable path(s) to specific [sudo](https://www.sudo.ws/) commands allowed for group members with no password required. `/usr/bin/` is the default location for command executables. <br> Grants administrator permissions for group members when using these commands. Exercise caution when allowing sudo commands without password prompts. It is recommended to limit this privilege to trusted users and specific commands to minimize security risks. |

Reviewer: same comment above.

| **Allow all sudo commands with no password** | Not recommended. Select to give this group member administrator permissions and the ability to use all [sudo](https://www.sudo.ws/) commands with no password required. |
| **Samba Authentication** | Select to allow this group to authenticate to and access data shares with [SMB]({{< relref "/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Shares/SMB/AddSMBShares.md" >}}) samba shares. |
| **Allow Duplicate GIDs** | Not recommended. Select to allow more than one group to have the same group ID. Use only if absolutely necessary, as duplicate GIDs can lead to unexpected behavior. |
{{< /truetable >}}

## Edit Group Screen

> **Click** the **Edit** button on an expanded group in the **Groups** screen to open the **Edit Group** screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click  **Edit** on an expanded group in the **Groups** screen to open the **Edit Group** screen.
```
